feat: regex filters for namespace and name (#1156)
defenseunicorns/pepr: docs/030_user-guide/130_filters.md

## `Filters`

- `.WithName("name")`: Filters resources by name.
- `.WithRegexName(/^pepr/)`: Filters resources by name using a regex.
- `.InNamespace("namespace")`: Filters resources by namespace.

> - `.WithRegexName(/(.*)-system/)`: Filters resources by name using a regex.

Author: ```suggestion
- `.WithRegexNamespace(/(.*)-system/)`: Filters resources by namespace using a regex.
```

> - `.WithRegexNamespace(/(.*)-system/)`: Filters resources by namespace using a regex.

Author: ```suggestion
- `.InRegexNamespace(/(.*)-system/)`: Filters resources by namespace using a regex.
```
